Since you don't want to follow me
Then today you and the people in this Congress of Nations
Stay here forever
Demon Lord, this is between you and me
Nothing to do with others
If you want me, Luo Zhan, to stay with you alone
Come early
When you die, you have to die first
interesting
Hahahaha
The peak of breaking the ring is extremely Lingyun
Peerless
I didn't expect it to expire today haha.
It can just be the dazzling light of my practice
Especially this unparalleled beauty
Such a superb
It's a pity to be dead
Why don't you release me?
Then I can consider it.
Give this kid a hand
If there is no skill to advance to Tianjun today
Is this disaster really hard?
If you let others go today
I'm willing to leave it at your disposal
Although you and I have not fulfilled our engagement
But you were also my woman
Remember this world
No one can touch it but me
It seems that there is no negotiation today. Okay.
How do you want to die?
I satisfy you
Life or death is unknown
Fulfill your destiny
When suppressing all worldly enemies